Usage: CTOG [channel toggle letter(s)] 
   Control certain channel routines carried out by the program. The code
   now can act channel-oriented given the status of these toggles.

1
   When set, channel flooders are banned with the worse ban
   possible. "CTOG F" must be enabled also, unless a JOIN flood
   was triggered.

A
   Write these toggles to database.

B
   Shit actions: AutoDEOP, AutoKICK, AutoIGNORE, AutoBAN.

C
   Channel protection: AutoKICK channel flooders

D
   AutoKICK users matching channel bans and shitlist. Makes sure that
   users that are banned stay out, this includes nethackers. The program
   will AutoKICK users that match a ban placed.

E
   Activates nickname-note reminders on JOIN.

F
   AutoBAN channel flooders. Adds extra action to channel protection,
   users are also banned when this option is set to ON. This option,
   combined with "B" make a great combination for channel anti-flooding.

G
   Bitch mode. When set, LiCe will only allow friends with the +O mode
   flag get opped. Everyone else will be deopped if given ops, unless the
   person giving ops if a friend with moode flag +E - are we confused yet? 
   :)

H
   Automatic IP address lookups on JOIN.

I
   AutoJOIN channel on INVITE. Always, if set.

J
   Auto clone bot detection. Will notify if multiple nicks are from
   a same hostname, at join time.

K
   Disallow channel keys - NON GLOBAL TOGGLE.

L
   Mode lock. This will enforce the channel modes you specify on the
   channel.

M
   AutoKICK users that place bogus channel keys. Users that place channel
   keys with escape or control characters (keybombs) are automatically
   kicked.

N
   NetHack protection: AutoDEOP nethackers.

O
   Don't kick channel operators that flood. When an op (+o) floods
   the channel, you'll get the warning but the user won't be kicked.

P
   Friend CTCP commands, Protection, AutoOP and AutoGREET.

Q
   Make channel quiet. Ignore CTCPs, JOINs and NICK changes
   sent to the channel.

S
   AutoSHIT of flooders. When enabled, it will add users that flood your
   channels with SHIT mode +F (KICKBAN). Users that attempt to flood You,
   are added with mode +I (IGNORE). 

T
   Topic lock. This will enforce your topic for that channel.

V
   Don't kick channel voices that flood. When a voice (+v) floods
   the channel, you'll get the warning but the user won't be kicked.

See also: [SENSORS] [TOG]

